{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 TO DO LIST:\
\
- Make it so that butterfly bush works.\
\'97 Write a function that takes \'91butterfly bush\'92 and turns it into \'91butterflyBush\'92\
\'97 Write a function that reverses this\
\'97 Use both functions to avoid the double name problem\
\
Update: butterfly bush now works. It might be worth checking whether hyphenated flowers work, like Rose-lily for example. \
\
- Change styling on the drop downs to match the about section.\
\
I currently only have an empty index page, and a page for march.\
\
Next I can create html pages for all the months. I\'92ll then need a short description/introduction for each month.\
\
It will also be worth writing down the pruning, fertilising, planting for each flower. I\'92ll write down all their tasks and each month it correlates to and then start fleshing out the flowers.\
\
I\'92ll also need to figure out how I want the index to look. This is what will greet people when they arrive. I can it to send people to month that they\'92re in. Maybe first option takes you to the month you\'92re in, and it also asks if you\'92d like to look ahead to future months. It will also prompt you to add any flowers to the \'91my garden\'92 section. It can also describe flowering time. \
\
Plants:\
\

\f1\i\b Wisteria \uc0\u8730 
\f2\b0 \
Fertilise in Spring \uc0\u8730 \
Prune in July/August and again in Winter \uc0\u8730 \u8730 
\f0\i0 \
\

\f3\b Agapanthus \uc0\u8730 \

\f0\b0 Divide in spring late March/April \uc0\u8730 \
Feed border plants in Spring when they come into growth\
\

\f1\i\b Butterfly Bush \uc0\u8730 
\f2\b0 \
Pruned hard to a low framework of permanents stems in early spring late March/mid April \uc0\u8730 
\f0\i0 \
\

\f3\b Lavender \uc0\u8730 
\f0\b0 \
Prune in late summer, just after flowering has finished \uc0\u8730 \
IDEA - take cuttings in early to midsummer to easily propagate\
\

\f1\i\b Rosemary \uc0\u8730 
\f2\b0 \
If rosemary is in a container, give it a balanced fertiliser after it\'92s finished flowering \uc0\u8730 \
Prune after the flowers fade \uc0\u8730 \
Mulching in autumn \uc0\u8730 
\f0\i0 \
\

\f1\i\b Climbing hydrangae \uc0\u8730 \

\f2\b0 Prune in summer straight after flowering \uc0\u8730 
\f0\i0 \
\

\f3\b Courgettes - 
\f0\b0 IDEA\
\

\f3\b Daffodils
\f0\b0  - bulbs - don\'92t need care but need planting at a certain time of the year\
\

\f3\b Month:\
March\

\f0\b0 IDEA - plant summer flowering bulbs\
IDEA - plant early potatoes\
IDEA - start off dahlia tubers in pots\
TIP - keep a few dandelions in your garden to support early bees such as pantaloon bees\
}